#Server User-Agents (SUA) Working Group Kick-Off Meeting Agenda and Notes
**Date:** November 18, 2025 — 9AM EST  
**Duration:** 1 hour  
**Meeting via Google Meet

## Agenda
1. Welcome & Introductions  
   - Meeting scope and SUA brief  
   - Introductions: name + how you found SUAs / what you're working on  

2. Meeting Cadence & Time Discussion  
   - Options: bi-weekly 1hr (proposed) or monthly 2hr  
   - Scheduling: fixed, alternating, or ad hoc  
   - Questions on weekly vs bi-weekly, rotating roles, planning ahead  
   - **Decision needed:** confirm cadence + scheduling approach  

3. Communication & Collaboration Tools  
   - Proposed stack: Discord, Subreddit, GitHub  
   - Priority: tools accessible to regular people, not just protocol experts  
   - Questions: concerns / who can help  
   - **Decision needed:** approve tool stack or modifications  

4. Roles & Volunteers  
   - Needed: Discord admins, Subreddit mods, GitHub maintainers  
   - Notetaking: Spinach → Swan edits  
   - Scheduling & facilitation: Swan (if fixed) or rotating volunteers  
   - Backup alternatives  

5. Initial Work Artifacts  
   - **Related Projects & Ecosystem Map**  
   - **User Stories Collection**  

6. Action Items & Next Meeting  
   - Recap decisions  

## Meeting Notes

### Attendees
- Swan Black (Facilitation)
- When Leggett (Lead)
- Russell Shoatz III
- Luke Nispel
- Lyre Calliope
- Eric
- Shae

# Server User-Agents (SUA) Working Group — Kick-Off Meeting Notes
**Date:** November 18, 2025  
**Duration:** 1 hour  
**Facilitator:** Swan  
**Lead:** When  
**Purpose:** Establish collaboration structure, cadence, and tool stack

## Agenda
1. Welcome & Introductions  
2. Meeting Cadence & Time  
3. Collaboration Tools  
4. Roles & Volunteers  
5. Initial Work Artifacts  
6. Action Items & Next Meeting

## Notes

### 1. Welcome & Introductions
- Swan opened the meeting and clarified the scope: this session was for deciding *how* the group will collaborate, not for content work.
- When referenced their article on Server User-Agents (https://its.whenthetimeca.me/p/for-server-user-agents) and summarized SUAs.
- Group went around the room sharing introductions and what brought them here.

### 2. Meeting Cadence & Time
- Group agreed mega-meetings aren't workable for time reasons.
- Decided on **two meetings per month**:
  - One between **10:30–11:00 AM EST**, 1 hour.
  - One at **6:00 PM EST**, 1 hour.
- No day chosen; Shae prefers later-week days and no one objected.
- Swan will finalize and publish the fixed times.
- Swan will continue facilitating.

### 3. Collaboration Tools
- Proposed stack approved:
  - **Discord** for meetings + real-time discussion, and informal discussion.
  - **Reddit** for funneling newcomers, async discussion, and artifact creation.
  - **GitHub** for documentation, specs, and structured contributions.
- Lyre highlighted the need to balance accessibility with portability in stack use
- Discord and Reddit will be **invite/approval-required**, but not restrictive:
  - Request access + identify who you are and how you intend to participate.

### 4. Roles & Volunteers
- Swan created and will moderate Discord + Reddit for now.
- When will manage GitHub.
- More volunteers will be needed as the group grows.

### 5. Initial Work Artifacts
- Two pinned Reddit posts will be created:
  1. **Ecosystem Map** — cataloging related projects and their relationship to SUAs.  
  2. **User Stories** — collecting real-world scenarios describing what SUAs enable.

## Decisions
- Two-meeting monthly cadence with one AM and one PM slot.  
- Tool stack approved: Discord + Reddit + GitHub.  
- Access model: invite/approval-required with light identity requirement.  
- Reddit to serve as intake + artifact hub; Discord for meetings.

## Action Items
- **Swan:** Finalize and post meeting times, and links to Reddit, Discord, and Github in signal.  
- **Swan:** Moderate Discord and Reddit until volunteers join.  
- **When:** Manage GitHub setup.  
- **Group:** Contribute to pinned Ecosystem Map and User Stories posts once live, participate in discussion in the Discord.
