# SUA Working Group Meeting Agenda and Notes
**Date:** December 18, 2025 — 6PM EST
**Duration:** 1 hour
**Meeting via Discord in the Meetings channel**
## Agenda
1. **Feedback on Current Stack Use**
- Pain points, gaps
- Necessary follow ups
2. **Community Growth**
- Who needs to join us at this early stage, and how can we invite them to join us on discord?
- Improving reddit visibility and engagement
3. **Working Group Organization**
- Role call (who’s here, who’s doing what)
    - Are there roles unnamed/unfilled?
    - Volunteers?
- Technical vs Non-technical topics/sharing
    - How should we handle knowledge transfer/diffusion among participants operating at different levels?
    - How do we avoid overload/overwhelm or making the space uninviting to less technical folks?
    - How do we invite people with important experience/perspective/audiences but less tech knowledge to participate?
    - How do we consider the communication to future end users who are not going to get involved but we hope to adopt SUAs
    - **BUT ALSO** - what is the non-technical knowledge and experience that needs to transfer back to the group for consideration/design of the standard so we are anchored to real problems/needs
    - **Tech Examples:**
        - Client vs Server
        - Data ontologies/schemas
        - Principle of Least Authority
        - Object Capabilities
        - Sandboxing vs exfiltration
    - **Non-Tech Examples**
        - Barriers to organizing/activism/protest
        - COINTELPRO / what happened to BLM
        - How ICE is using surveillance tech
        - How Age Verification laws cause harm
        - Not everyone has government ID
        - Complexities of children on the internet
        - End user communication/clarity in consent interactions around security and data sharing (agreeing to things you don't understand)
    - Suggestions:
        - Podcast
        - Blog posts
        - Subreddit
        - Resource list (videos/articles/other groups)
- Any decisions we need to queue for upcoming meetings
4. **IIW — April 2026 Planning**
- Who is going
- Who needs sponsorship
- What the working group should present or participate in
- Prep work needed ahead of IIW

## Minutes/Notes
*(to be filled out after the meeting)*