# SUA Technical Sub Group Meeting Agenda and Notes
**Date:** January 27 2026 — 4PM EST  
**Duration:** 1 hour  
**Meeting** via [SUA Discord in the Meetings channel](https://discord.gg/MrhtzuT6Ev)

## Agenda

**1. Quickly review [Defects and Mending](https://github.com/serveruseragents/working-group/blob/37f9557048281bae3f198edc26d86b994b9dd085/governance/defectsandmending.md)** and the [initial tech group charter](https://github.com/serveruseragents/working-group/blob/main/governance/charters/techcharter.md)
- This is largely the same as what was covered in the vision subgroup, so I want to do it pretty quickly

**2. What is the shape of an SUA?**
- Least controversial capabilities:
	- Identity management, DID, SSI
	- Digital Wallet - must be able to securely hold/encrypt private data and manage encryption keys
	- Sovereign data ownership/management including portability and access control
	- Owning your contacts/connections: DID-Personas. VRC's
	- SUA to SUA connection
		- peer-to-peer (different users)
		- SUA mesh (same user connecting multiple SUA's)
- More controversial
	- Full data fiduciary - meaningful legal distinction
		- enforceable contracts
		- pursue warrant requirement
		- set legal precedence
		- execution in secure enclave?
		- MyTerms, JLINC
	- Compute - what does this look like?
		- Sandboxed? - fully secure? how isolated? Comparable to a web worker? A FirecrackerVM?
		- Web runtime? (JS + WASM)
	- Is it extensible to learn new protocols? Can an SUA speak ActivityPub? AT Proto? Anything a web server could do?
		- Have to be careful not to lose certain valuable qualities of security and portability and ease of use by simply turning into another docker system
		- Extensibility of protocol could be left up to the host, and be outside the SUA spec itself.
	- Capabilities/Object Capabilites vs ACLs
		- If we follow security expertise, we should really build on a foundation of capabilities.
		- In tandem with secure compute, capabilities provide robust alternatives to ambient authority, ACL's, the confused deputy problem, and even provides abstractions for ease of development around data and control on different processes (a common case here)
- Most controversial
	- Brief introduction to Dilithium concept
		- "Distributed User Agent" runtime
		- incorporates, but is separate from SUAs
	- Warp Protocol - candidate for SUA's?
	- Pips, Portals, and Agents (brief overview)
		- A useful way of decomposing functionality for security, and composing them back usefully without central coordination
		- Practical "Web Tiles"
		- Can be client/server agnostic or even span client/server like Roblox scripts
		- Extensibility to outside world and other protocols
		- Secure and tractable way for "always on", "background running", and "automatically triggered" compute to run on your behalf

**3. Discuss prior art**
Examples:
- SOLID
- AT Proto
- ActivityPub
- S3/R2 (RESTful object storage)
- IPFS
- NextCloud
- First Person Network
- Sandstorm

Consistent features to work out:
- network protocol
- data encoding
- authentication/authorization
- validation
- ontology? how precise?
- sharp edges?
- execution environment
- hosting requirements

**4. Homework**
- Filling in the TODOs of the tech charter
- TODO (anything else? research in particular areas?)
   
**5. Decide meeting cadence and asynch workflow**
- Do we want a regular schedule? Do we want to facilitate some asynch poll/survey/schedule mechanism?

## Minutes

TBD
