# SUA Working Group Meeting Agenda and Notes
**Date:** January 15 2026 â€” 11AM EST  
**Duration:** 1 hour  
**Meeting** via [SUA Discord in the Meetings channel](https://discord.gg/MrhtzuT6Ev)

## Agenda
1. Introduce Group Split
	- Technical
	- End User Group (Non-Technical)

2. Explain Why/How
	- Not mutually exclusive
	- Leaving room for centering different priorities
	- Will broaden discussion topics
	- Different opportunities for leadership

3. Leadership considerations
	- Who is interested in each group, and in what role potentially

4. Set next meeting times
	- Before the end of January both groups will meet 
	- Each group will determine their meeting cadence and times at their first meeting


## Minutes/Notes
Attendees: Swan, When, Lyre, Megan, Silona, Phil

**New Participants**

Silona: Technical architect with expertise in large-scale data systems, AI, and standards development. Her work focuses on data privacy, preventing large-scale harvesting, and advocating for decentralized, local data architectures.

Megan: Product professional from Houston with experience in product development and user experience. Interested in cross-platform collaboration tools. 

**Working Group Structure Decision**

The group agreed to split into two focused subgroups to prevent technical and non-technical discussions from decentering each other:

- Technical Subgroup: Deep technical exploration of capability-based systems, ontologies, and IPC messaging
- Vision Working Group: Focus on accessibility, end user experience, and the broader vision for SUAs

The vision working group was originally proposed as "user experience subgroup"
Renamed based on Silona's feedback about problematic "user" terminology from past experiences
Emphasis on purpose and function rather than audience labels

Silona also recommended time-bounded working groups with clear start and end points to maintain focus and momentum.

**Meeting Logistics**

Timing: The next two meetings will be held at 4 PM ET to accommodate participants who need hours outside of certain working core times. At these meetings, the group will review charters and establish ongoing schedules for both subgroups as well as preliminary roadmaps.

Visibility Challenges: Discord notifications are easily missed. Group identified need for shared calendar to improve meeting visibility and attendance.

**Project Development Priorities**

Leadership & Community Building:

- Expanding leadership beyond current Human.ing team members
- Growing interest in similar autonomous AI projects post-IIW conference
- Need to build early momentum

**Onboarding & Documentation:**

Megan requested centralized documentation and roadmaps

NotebookLM summary is available and recommended for main essay (15-minute audio version)

We need better onboarding materials and processes for new participants
